Data from Enron:   no i haven't driven by yet.  i would like to see the mandell house again before putting a contract in on it.  e     "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com on 02/07/2001 02:45:35 PM Please respond to "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com   Did you drive by Huldy?  If so, what did you think?  We can do a contract whenever you want.  Did you call B. Dunn?  Talk to you later.  Love, Mom  Original Message      I am fine with seeing more houses before buying but was thinking that it  might be a good idea to get the ball rolling on the Mandell house (i.e. low  ball contract). This does not mean that I am wanting to buy right away, but  more of testing the market and resolve of sellers.  Let me know when you  are available to see more houses.  I am free whenever, except for Saturday  after around 4 pm.   L,  E       "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com on 02/07/2001 10:19:51 AM   Please respond to "K. Bass" <daphneco64@bigplanet.com     It's been so long since we talked, I don't know what I'm supposed to be  doing.   Just finished real estate school and learned a few things  well, my memory  was refreshed.  Re: precertification for a loan.  A noncommittal response  from an online source does not mean that you are precertified.  And, you  must be real careful about all conditions relating to said loan.  Dad  thinks  you should call Bob Dunn (call Dad for number.).  Bob is in the mortgage  business and is a good guy to have on your side.  His office is near San  Felipe and Voss.  You should probably get this ball rolling so you are  ready, don't you think?   I am busy today but let me know if you want to see anything Friday.  We  could wait until the weekend to see what's open and make appts. for  whatever  else you want to see.  I recommend that you see a few more before making an  offer but that is up to you.   Let me know what I can do.  LUM   Original Message      Any news?     e            
Data from MIMIC:  PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. Hannah Wilson is a 37 year old female with chest pain and mitral valve prolapse.
